README.md, before:

This is my third webpage. It's created as part of the freecodecamp curriculum.
View my [final project on codepen](https://codepen.io/yahx/full/), or using the files in this repo.

Due to time goals, the following improvements are not implemented:
- A mobile first design approach
- Fallback support for different browsers

Note that in the codepen link, the background image may fail to load. This issue is unique to codepen. For that reason, it is recommended to manually load the html using this repo.


Below are the project requirements:
# Responsive Web Design Projects - Build a Product Landing Page

**Objective**: Build a CodePen.io app that is functionally similar to this: https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL.

Fulfill the below user stories and get all of the tests to pass. Give it your own personal style.

You can use HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to complete this project. Plain CSS is recommended because that is what the lessons have covered so far and you should get some practice with plain CSS. You can use Bootstrap or SASS if you choose. Additional technologies (just for example jQuery, React, Angular, or Vue) are not recommended for this project, and using them is at your own risk. Other projects will give you a chance to work with different technology stacks like React. We will accept and try to fix all issue reports that use the suggested technology stack for this project. Happy coding!

**User Story #1**: My product landing page should have a `header` element with a corresponding `id="header"`.

**User Story #2**: I can see an image within the `header` element with a corresponding `id="header-img"`. A company logo would make a good image here.

**User Story #3**: Within the `#header` element I can see a `nav` element with a corresponding `id="nav-bar"`.

**User Story #4**: I can see at least three clickable elements inside the `nav` element, each with the class `nav-link`.

**User Story #5**: When I click a `.nav-link` button in the `nav` element, I am taken to the corresponding section of the landing page.

**User Story #6**: I can watch an embedded product video with `id="video"`.

**User Story #7**: My landing page has a `form` element with a corresponding `id="form"`.

**User Story #8**: Within the form, there is an `input` field with `id="email"` where I can enter an email address.

**User Story #9**: The `#email` input field should have placeholder text to let the user know what the field is for.

**User Story #10**: The `#email` input field uses HTML5 validation to confirm that the entered text is an email address.

**User Story #11**: Within the form, there is a submit `input` with a corresponding `id="submit"`.

**User Story #12**: When I click the `#submit` element, the email is submitted to a static page (use this mock URL: https://www.freecodecamp.com/email-submit).

**User Story #13**: The navbar should always be at the top of the viewport.

**User Story #14**: My product landing page should have at least one media query.

**User Story #15**: My product landing page should utilize CSS flexbox at least once.

You can build your project by forking [this CodePen pen](https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/pen/MJjpwO). Or you can use this CDN link to run the tests in any environment you like: https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/testable-projects-fcc/v1/bundle.js.

Once you're done, submit the URL to your working project with all its tests passing.

Commit message:

Forgot updated Readme for CodePen link. Project complete.

README.md, after:

This is my third webpage. It's created as part of the freecodecamp curriculum.
View my [final project on codepen](https://codepen.io/yahx/full/XWgppzz), or using the files in this repo.

Note that image may fail to load on CodePen. A proper build can be found using the file on this repo.



Below are the project requirements:

# Responsive Web Design Projects - Build a Product Landing Page

**Objective**: Build a CodePen.io app that is functionally similar to this: https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL.

Fulfill the below user stories and get all of the tests to pass. Give it your own personal style.

You can use HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to complete this project. Plain CSS is recommended because that is what the lessons have covered so far and you should get some practice with plain CSS. You can use Bootstrap or SASS if you choose. Additional technologies (just for example jQuery, React, Angular, or Vue) are not recommended for this project, and using them is at your own risk. Other projects will give you a chance to work with different technology stacks like React. We will accept and try to fix all issue reports that use the suggested technology stack for this project. Happy coding!

**User Story #1**: My product landing page should have a `header` element with a corresponding `id="header"`.

**User Story #2**: I can see an image within the `header` element with a corresponding `id="header-img"`. A company logo would make a good image here.

**User Story #3**: Within the `#header` element I can see a `nav` element with a corresponding `id="nav-bar"`.

**User Story #4**: I can see at least three clickable elements inside the `nav` element, each with the class `nav-link`.

**User Story #5**: When I click a `.nav-link` button in the `nav` element, I am taken to the corresponding section of the landing page.

**User Story #6**: I can watch an embedded product video with `id="video"`.

**User Story #7**: My landing page has a `form` element with a corresponding `id="form"`.

**User Story #8**: Within the form, there is an `input` field with `id="email"` where I can enter an email address.

**User Story #9**: The `#email` input field should have placeholder text to let the user know what the field is for.

**User Story #10**: The `#email` input field uses HTML5 validation to confirm that the entered text is an email address.

**User Story #11**: Within the form, there is a submit `input` with a corresponding `id="submit"`.

**User Story #12**: When I click the `#submit` element, the email is submitted to a static page (use this mock URL: https://www.freecodecamp.com/email-submit).

**User Story #13**: The navbar should always be at the top of the viewport.

**User Story #14**: My product landing page should have at least one media query.

**User Story #15**: My product landing page should utilize CSS flexbox at least once.

You can build your project by forking [this CodePen pen](https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/pen/MJjpwO). Or you can use this CDN link to run the tests in any environment you like: https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/testable-projects-fcc/v1/bundle.js.

Once you're done, submit the URL to your working project with all its tests passing.
